ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE (ERSD)
From time to time, (we, us or Company) may be required by law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through airSlate, inc.'s signNow electronic signing system (signNow). Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to these terms and conditions, please confirm your agreement by clicking the "I Consent" button.

All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically
We will be providing you, via electronic mail to your email address jobs@getpayever.com all required notices and disclosures that are required by law to be provided or made available to you during the course of our relationship with you.

Your current valid email address is required in order for you to continue to use the signNow signing system and receive notices and disclosures as required by law. You agree to keep jobs@getpayever.com informed of any changes in your email address. To advise jobs@getpayever.com of a change in your email address, please send an email to jobs@getpayever.com. It is your responsibility to check your email for Electronic Communications and for updates to this Agreement.

If you created a signNow account, you may update it with your new email address through your account preferences or by contacting our customer support.

You understand and agree that if airSlate, Inc. and/or jobs@getpayever.com send you an electronic communication but you do not receive it because your primary email address on file is incorrect, out of date, airSlate Inc.’s email is blocked by your Internet service provider, or you are otherwise unable to receive electronic communications, airSlate, Inc. still will be deemed to have provided the communication to you. If you use a spam filter or other technology that blocks or re-routes emails from senders not listed in your email address book, you must add signNow.com domain name to your email address book so that you will be able to receive the communications airSlate, Inc. sends to you.

signNow login credentials
Immediately after you are done filling out, E-signing, and submitting this document, you will receive an email to jobs@getpayever.com with instructions on how to create your personal login details for your personal signNow account. Please save your login details and this email for your records.

Getting paper copies
Using your personal login credentials, at any time, you may log into your signNow account and download or print out any documents signed by you. The document you are about to review and/or sign and other documents will be stored in your signNow account, for your convenience, free of charge for a limited period of time (usually 30 days), unless you choose to delete them or unless your account settings indicate otherwise. If you elect to sign up for a signNow subscription, and agree to the signNow Terms of Service at https://www.signnow.com/terms you will be able to store this and other documents in your signNow account as long as you have an active subscription.

At any time, you may request from jobs@getpayever.com a paper copy of any record provided or made available electronically to you through the signNow System. To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to jobs@getpayever.com and in the body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. If you wish for us to send you paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided by us to you electronically, you will be charged a $0.00 per-page fee.

Acknowledging Access
By clicking the "I Consent" button, you acknowledge that, for your records, you are able to use signNow system to retain Electronic Communications by printing and/or downloading and saving this ERSD and any other agreements and Electronic Communications, documents, or records that you receive using the signNow signing system. You accept Electronic Communications provided via signNow system as reasonable and proper notice, for the purpose of any and all laws, rules, and regulations, and agree that such electronic form fully satisfies any requirement that such communications be provided to you in writing or in a form that you may keep.

Withdrawing your consent
If you decide that you no longer want to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically and/or that you no longer want to sign the document electronically, you may at any time change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format. In order to indicate to us that you are changing your mind, you must withdraw your consent by
1) Clicking on the settings icon, while being inside of the document that you have been invited to sign (on desktop app), and selecting "Decline to Sign", then checking the box next to "Withdraw Consent to do business electronically"; or
2) Selecting "Decline to sign" from the main menu on the mobile app, while being inside of the document that you have been invited to sign, then checking the box next to "Withdraw Consent to do business electronically"; or
3) Sending an email to support@signNow.com and also to jobs@getpayever.com indicating that you no longer wish to receive any notices and disclosures electronically from us.

Consequences of changing your mind
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such paper notices or disclosures.

Furthermore, we will no longer be able to use the signNow system to send you the required notices and consents electronically and there will be no option to e-sign documents electronically via the signNow electronic signing system.

Your continued use of signNow's service is an explicit agreement to the signNow Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy at https://www.signnow.com/terms, and this ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE.

Required hardware and software
Browsers: Final release versions of Internet Explorer® 11.0 or above; Mozilla Firefox; Safari™ or Google Chrome on supported operating systems
Screen Resolution: 800 x 600 minimum
Enabled Security Settings: Allow per session cookies
* These minimum requirements are subject to change. Pre-release (e.g. beta) versions of operating systems and browsers are not supported.

Acknowledging your access and consent to receive materials electronically
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to otherelectronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please verify that you were able toread this electronic disclosure and that you also were able to print on paper or electronically save this page for your future reference and access and where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access.

Further, if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format on the terms and conditions described above, please let us know by clicking the "I Consent" button.

By checking the "I Consent button", I confirm that:
I can access and read this Electronic CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC RECEIPT OF ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURES document; and
I can print on paper the disclosure or save or send the disclosure to a place where I can print it, for future reference and access; and
Until or unless I notify jobs@getpayever.com and airSlate, Inc, as described above, I consent to receive from airSlate, Inc. exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made available to me by jobs@getpayever.com during the course of their relationship with you.

To obtain electronic services and communications, indicate your consent to the terms and conditions of this Agreement by clicking on the "I Consent" button.